Gas spot market (#22)
casper-network/ceps: text/0000-gas-spot-market.md

In fact, stating a willingness to pay above the observed "market price" directly amounts to paying extra for higher probability of inclusion, because of our allocation
rule.

### What does the user see?

The UI change for the user is the introduction (possibly by renaming) of a "willingness to pay" parameter and a "spot gas reservation" parameter. The UX
becomes somewhat more complex, since it is up to the user to determine the gas requirements. Because of our consensus-before-execution model, we are unable
to allocate gas on the fly. This means that to avoid underutilization of block gas, we must charge for the entire reserved amount (although with partial refunds, in recognition
of difficulties with estimating gas use of complex deploys). It is expected that the users, and particularly high WTP users, will make their best effort to estimate gas
requirements offline, or on our testnet, before submitting the deploys to the live network. We expect that, eventually, the community will develop tooling to make this estimation easier.

> Some of the potential solutions may large dApps contributing developer time and nodes to maintaining a robust testnet that shadows complex contracts deployed on the live chain, adaptation of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the potential solutions may be large dApps contributing developer time and nodes to maintain a robust testnet that shadows complex contracts deployed on the live chain, adaptation of
```
